Docs (quick fix): Multiple page templates (#2268)
vtex/faststore: apps/site/pages/docs/multiple-page-templates.mdx

Multiple page templates allow you to create flexible layouts in the Headless CMS for product and product listing pages (PDPs and PLPs) based on criteria like product information, user context, product type, brand, and template hierarchy. This means you can design and manage pages hierarchically instead of creating a single, static template for all products or listings.

## Before you begin

To benefit from this feature, follow the steps below:

1. Update your store’s `@faststore/core` package to the `v3.0.17` by running the following commands:

```bash
yarn add @faststore/core@3.0.17
``` 
```bash

> yarn add -D @faststore/cli@3.0.17

Reviewer: This feature specifically doesn't change the cli, and the cli has no 3.0.17 version. 
https://www.npmjs.com/package/@faststore/cli?activeTab=versions

So, I recommend using the most recent in this case.

Author: Thanks! Fixed here: https://github.com/vtex/faststore/pull/2268/files#diff-05ed0a631665c06b7584525452a105b48461f81b9b3f816f7d2b346311b0163fR20-R28

> 1. Update your store’s `@faststore/core` package to the `v3.0.17` by running the following commands:
> 
> ```bash
> yarn add @faststore/core@3.0.17
> ``` 
> ```bash
> yarn add -D @faststore/cli@3.0.17
> ```
> 

Author: ```suggestion
1. Update your store’s `@faststore/core` package to the `v3.0.17` by running the following command:

```bash
yarn add @faststore/core@3.0.17
``` 
```

2. Run `yarn dev` to apply the changes to your project.

3. After updating the `@faststore/core`, run the following command in your terminal to sync the changes from the Headless CMS:

```bash

> faststore cms-sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn cms-sync
```
